[docs] Add Sentinel info to version-specific upgrade page (#23173)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/upgrade/upgrade-specific.mdx

their upgrades as a result of new features or changed behavior. This page is
used to document those details separately from the standard upgrade flow.

## Nomad 1.9.0 (UNRELEASED)

<EnterpriseAlert inline />
Nomad Enterprise 1.9.0 includes an updated version of the Sentinel library. Users

> that have built custom Sentinel plugins must recompile them using Sentinel SDK v4.

Reviewer: Are we waiting till 1.9 to ship the Sentinel upgrade?

> that have built custom Sentinel plugins must recompile them using Sentinel SDK v4.

Author: ```suggestion
that have built custom Sentinel plugins must recompile them using Sentinel SDK v0.4 or greater.
```

> <EnterpriseAlert inline />
> Nomad Enterprise 1.8.1 includes an updated version of the Sentinel library. Users
> that have built custom Sentinel plugins must recompile them using Sentinel SDK v4.

Author: ```suggestion
<EnterpriseAlert inline />

Nomad Enterprise 1.8.1 includes an updated version of the Sentinel library. Users
that have built custom Sentinel plugins must recompile them using an SDK
supporting Sentinel Plugin Protocol Version 3. Consult the Sentinel
[SDK Compatibility Matrix](https://github.com/hashicorp/sentinel-sdk?tab=readme-ov-file#sdk-compatibility-matrix) for appropriate Sentinel SDK versions.
```
